During my years in the military I started out as a private in the marine
corps and finally retired as a commander in the Navy during all that
time I was in cryptology. I started out as a Morse code intercept
operator and then was sent to language school to learn Vietnamese,
did active duty is that but when I was in the reserve duty, most my
reserve duty was done as an officer where I was setting up cryptologic
training programs and cryptologic activities for the enlisted people.
In retiring as a commander I had a unit of about ninety people
in Denver, Colorado they're all cryptologists, largely from the navy
but a few marines and one Air Force officer